# Code-Seeker

TLDR: A memory scanner like CheatEngine.

Imagine you're playing a game and you want to find out where your character's health is stored in the game's memory so you can manipulate it. That's where Code Seeker comes in—it's like having a super-powered tool that lets you peek into the game's memory and find exactly what you're looking for. Code Seeker scans the computer's memory while a game or another program is running. It looks for specific values like health points, scores, or any other data you're interested in changing. Once it finds these values in the memory, you can modify them to your advantage. For example, you could increase your character's health or change the number of in-game resources you have. Think of Code Seeker as similar to Cheat Engine. It gives you the ability to scan and modify the game's memory to tweak how things work in your favor. Whether you're looking to make games easier or just curious about how programs handle data behind the scenes, Code Seeker lets you explore and experiment with memory in a controlled environment. It's important to note that while Code Seeker provides powerful capabilities, it should be used responsibly and in compliance with the terms of use of any software or game you're modifying. Misuse of such tools can lead to consequences like bans in online games or legal issues. Code Seeker is your go-to tool if you're into exploring and tinkering with how software manages data in memory. It's like having a backstage pass to games and programs, letting you uncover and modify the inner workings to suit your needs or curiosity. I've made this program because I did not want to have to deal with downloading sketchy programs, this is simply made in C++. If you don't trust me then fine, but it works perfectly.

[Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzPz6a2VbH8&ab_channel=LuckyDev)
<a style="background: none;" href="Files/Code Seeker Setup (x64).exe" download="Code Seeker Setup (x64).exe">
              Download
            </a>
